welcome to American radium you are paid
one cent per dial your work suffers miss
Cavallo the eighth looks like a fat
toddler this month's top painter
Josephine Cavallo
will you help me practice lying a few
late spaces
I'm studying I have to be ready to be
discovered and go to Hollywood I want to
find it to like touch and I'm an
archaeologist
[Music]
Joe will be ready in five minutes Joe
don't come in please Joe I don't know
what's wrong with her I'm dizzy my
joints ache I lost a tooth and two
others are loose do you know what's
wrong with me
absolutely nothing you're healthy as a
horse where do you work
American radio with dial painters we
believe that exposure to radium can
cause devastating tissue damage radium
is good for you everyone knows that what
does this mean for us you take American
radium down there's a doctor that can
test if your bones are radioactive I see
you sound crazy
I'm not losing my job over this I'm
scared I'm not going back in there
I'm looking for Bessie and Josephine
Apollo they did a study years ago they
own it own research that's absurd
it's like owning gravity American radium
is denying the harmful effects of radium
all they have to do is run out the clock
they could drag this out for years if
you don't have yours you'll never win
not doing it no matter what you swear to
tell the truth the whole truth and
nothing but the truth did you everyone
put down your brushes radium is poison
Bessie you're trespassing I won't
abandon you they're trying to silence
you they must be stopped
I am going to make American radium pay
for what they've done
[Music]
I can only